HYPEvents.net launches hypergrid event directory
================================================

At AVATARFest 2015, a virtual festival celebrating life on the hypergrid,
HYPEvents.net launched a website that lists events from all over the hypergrid
so avatars can find out what is going on right now, and where.

The website, http://HYPEvents.net/, scrapes the web and parses event info from
grid event calendars. The site provides a single overview of the events found,
with easy timezone conversion and the location (as a hypergrid url) of each
event.

Initiator Tom Frost said, "I was fed up with missing events. There is so much
going on, but the information about what is happening where and when is
scattered. There really is no single directory, no overview of all the events
in one uniform format. Until now.".

Instead of creating yet another site that event organisers have to post each
individual event on, Frost created HYPEvents to pull in the information that is
already published on grid websites and public calendars.

Frost is always on the look-out for new event calendars that are not yet
included on the site, and encourages grid-owners to publish their events in an
easy-to-parse format:

"Many grids don't publish their events, or publish them only in-world or on
internal forums that are only for members. If you are not a member of such a
grid, you won't know about the nice events that are going on! And the events
miss out on a large potential audience. Publishing an event calendar is a
win-win for everyone.", Frost says.

Grid owners or event organisers that maintain an event calendar can let the
site know about their calendar to have it added. Information on registering a
calendar, or on how to set up an event calendar if there is none yet, can be
found on the website.

Frost says, "The website is still under construction, and probably always will
be. I have many features I want to add, so in the spirit of google, consider
the site a permanent beta."

The website also has an in-world event board. By simply clicking on an event,
the avatar will teleport directly to the event region. The HYPEvents exhibit on
the AVATARFest region (hgurl avatarfest.net:6000:) has a version of the board
with full permissions.


- Background information and inquiries:

The hypergrid is a network of connected opensimulator grids.

Opensimulator (http://opensimulator.org/) is free and open source software to
run virtual worlds, also called 'regions'. Opensimulator was created in the
spirit of Second Life, but has added novel innovations to the original concept.

A grid is a collection of regions that share the same user-base and have a
central server to manage inventory. Traditional grids don't enable travel
between grids. Hypergrid-enabled grids allow avatars to travel from their
home-grid to any of the thousands of opensimulator grids that are in existance
today.

The website http://HYPEvents.net/ is a not-for-profit initiative by Tom Frost
with the goal of bringing closer the hypergrid community.

For more information, visit http://HYPEvents.net/. For inquiries send an email
to HYPEvents@linkwater.org.


